So, this Loom outreach system that I'm
about to show you has been responsible
for booking over 5,000 meetings in 2025.
So, in this video, I'm going to break
down exactly what the method is so that
you can simply watch it step by step and
implement it in your own business and
start generating calls well into 2026.
Let's get straight into it. So, the
first thing I want to talk about is the
core premise that everyone seems to
skip, which is okay. Maybe they just
haven't thought about it. And that is
that trust is everything. And what I
mean by this is this is the foundational
understanding for why you're sending a
video. Okay? So if I ask someone uh why
are you sending a Loom video, why are
you sending outreach? Why you sending
this prospect video? They'll say cuz it
gets better results. But why does it get
better results? And they might say um
because I can explain more in the video
or something. But fundamentally
why it works is because the video allows
you to build trust. The video itself
doesn't build trust. The using the
medium, the mode, the method of sending
a video allows you in the video to build
trust, right? Through your mannerisms,
how you speak, your tone, how genuine
you are. All these things, your offer
tie together to build trust. When you're
doing cold outbound, you're typically
trying to sell something with a lifetime
value of $5,000 or more, right? You're
not trying to sell a low ticket thing
because it's too much effort to to sell
a low ticket thing, and you can't really
scale it. Um, so typically, you're
trying to sell something of $5,000 or
more. And in order for someone to buy
something that is an LTV of $5,000 or
more, they must trust you. Compulsory,
they must trust you. Okay? Cold outbound
inherently starts from zero trust,
right? We could look at this as kind of
like a trust threshold,
meaning that there has to be a certain
amount of trust in order for them to buy
your thing, especially if we're talking
about higher ticket things, which is
what we typically are talking about with
code outbound. So, there has to be some
level of trust in order to buy the
thing. And outbound is inherently low
trust. And what this means is in order
to sell someone something, you must move
them through a process. And this is key.
You move them through a process or a
system that builds trust. Okay? When
you're dealing with inbound leads, they
already come to you with a level of
trust. They've already gone through a
process, right? In order to get to you
and that process to get to you has built
the trust. Maybe you've watched YouTube
videos of me talking and then you've
gone and booked a call and then you've
talked to our sales team, right? The
watching YouTubetubes of me was what
built the trust. When you're doing
outbound, they haven't gone through that
process. So you have to build the trust,
right? And it's been shown that the
richer the medium, the easier it is to
build trust. Meaning that voice, sending
someone a voice note, it's easier to
build trust than just text. Video is
easier than voice and face to face is
easier than all. Right? So what we're
trying to do is move up this ladder here
and use video because it's an easier
medium to build trust at scale on
outbound. So you want to show your face,
your tone, your mannerisms. It's a trust
shortcut essentially, right? It allows
you to easily build a lot of trust that
you can't do over text. Okay? Seeing a
real human immediately increases
connection and lowers buying resistance.
That is really what we're trying to do
here. And what this means is that when
you are making the videos, you're making
the videos to build trust,
right? You're not making the videos to
sell your thing.
You're making your videos to build
trust, right? And so it doesn't have to
be perfect. You don't have to say the
right words. You just have to genuinely
convey that you can help them, right?
And yes, that's kind of done through the
script and the words, but it's mostly
done through your tone. Okay? Based off
this philosophy,
we essentially have we're the video
outbound guys. We're the video outbound
specialists. And that's the core
principle that we have used to book
5,000 or more calls this year. Okay,
that's the core principle. In order to
sell something high ticket, you must
build trust. An easy way to build trust
is to use a richer medium. A richer
medium that you can do at scale is
video. That's the core premise of
essentially what we're doing. Let's talk
about where outbound fits in the bigger
picture. And I am going to pull up a
diagram here. So typically you're going
to have let's just say sales
and fulfillment.
Right. And then typically I'm just going
to make this yellow and this purple.
Typically,
let's say you're a cafe or something.
Your fulfillment, eg
cinnamon rolls or something, is going to
lead into more sales. There's word of
mouth, right? That happens in there.
Okay. What happens if you're not getting
enough sales through your fulfillment?
Okay, I'm just going to delete this for
now. You're going to have to do some
sort of let's just call it marketing or
lead generation.
I'll just call it marketing, right?
You're going to have to do some sort of
marketing, right? This is still going to
come in here, right? So, you can do
marketing, sales, fulfillment, and what
sorts of marketing can you do?
You can either do like you could do like
ads,
you could do cold outbound,
you could do content,
right? You can do all these things.
We're obviously specialists at the co
outbound thing. That's been our jam and
that's kind of
the space that we play at. We obviously
also do content on top of this, but
let's just talk about cold outbound
specifically. How does cold outbound
play into this game? So, what you're
going to do is you are going to
go like this.
You're going to let's just say send
outbound
messages. You're going to then move them
into
a lead nurture process
and then you're going to move them into
a sales process. And for simplicity
here, I'm going to this typically going
to be a discovery
call.
And then it's typically going to go into
a demo call.
Okay? And then you're going to close.
And that's going to go into fulfillment.
And then if you do a good job on
fulfillment, it's going to go into video
testimonials.
It's going to come into referrals,
right? And then these. So referrals. If
someone gets referred to you, they're
probably going to go back into a
discovery call. When you get video
testimonials,
you can put them as part of your demo
call.
They can also go into your outbound
messages.
So these are some things that can be
done here.
Then typically what you do is once
you've got this kind of humming, you
start to layer on content. So this is
can be like LinkedIn
plus YouTube or a combination. All
right? And what this means is that a
percentage of people that you send
outbound messages will come into your
LinkedIn YouTube and then from there
they'll go to do a discovery call,
right? And a percentage of let's say
your video testimonials you're also
going to put on this sort of content. So
this is the sort of engine that you're
building and in this what I'm going to
be talking about is these key components
here. So I'm going to be talking about
sending the messages and I might talk a
little bit about lead ner a little bit
as well. So this is where it sits in the
game. This is a really good mousetrap
and is the mousetrap that we've used to
grow our business. When I say mousetrap,
I essentially mean acquisition flywheel
system that we've built. So it's not
super complicated. You send outbound
messages. You then nurture positive
replies into discovery calls. You then
do discovery calls and a demo call.
You'll notice that this whole system
builds trust, right? Send outbound
messages and as part of that, we send
them a video lead nurture. We do a good
job doing that and we might even send
them more videos or a voice note. Then
we have a discovery call which is used
to build trust. Then we have a demo call
which is a video call which we then you
know use trust and pitch. Then we're
going to sell and do a good job in
fulfillment. We're going to get video
testimonials which is going to feed back
into the system. We're going to get
referrals that's going to feed back into
the system. Okay? And we're starting to
get to the point where we can
essentially turn off outbound messages
cuz we're getting enough lead flow
through referrals and YouTube. All
right, so this is the system which
outbound is going to fit into.
Outbound's just the spark and you can
think about it that way like you need
some throughput at the beginning to get
this going, right? And that might be you
have relied on referrals and now
referrals are drying up. It could be
that you just want to grow faster than
you're currently getting inbound. That's
typically who we work with. They want to
grow faster than what they're currently
getting inbound. Maybe they've crap cold
calling and they want another influx of
leads to pump into the system. This
video focus on the front end. Okay. So,
I'm just going to give you a little bit
of background about how we got here. We
used to run a restaurant marketing
agency and we grew that for the most
part through initially cold walk-ins and
then we would fly to Australia or New
Zealand at the time to do cold walk-ins
over there and that worked well. And
then from there we went to the mini chat
conference in Austin and we met some
people who were also in the space and
they showed us their calendar which had
packed out with meetings and they said
they did that through Facebook ads. So
we started like trying to crack Facebook
ads and we spent $10,000 before we got
our first call booked and they didn't
show. But
we were so excited at the idea that you
could do some tangible effort, money,
something on the front end and get a
call and then you could build the
business out the back. Right?
Essentially what I was talking about
here, there was a way to pump stuff in
here and build out the business cuz
until then doing cold walk-ins, you
don't really feel like you have a
business to be honest. Right? Then we
essentially from that point started
cracking Facebook ads. We got to the
point where we were getting calls for
like 60 USD
and so we grew that. We ended up
probably working with over a thousand
restaurants. Um and then Facebook ads
started to get way more expensive. And
so our acquisition essentially
plummeted. We turned it off and we
booked an Airbnb in the bush and we said
we are not going to leave here until we
crack outbound. And we had like a
pirated Charlie Morgan course with us
which talked about doing Loom video
outreach. So we essentially locked
ourselves in this cabin with good Wi-Fi
thankfully and did Loom video outreach
and was sending like 40 to 60 a day,
maybe more than that. And we had like a
6% booked call rate. So booking quite a
lot of calls and by day four we had
closed our first deal which was kind of
crazy and from there we tested what he
had coined like the terminator loom
method which is that you can just play
the audio over a website scroll so
Daniel would record the audio once play
it and we would scroll on the website
and that essentially meant that we could
do way more and then by the end of the
week we'd hire a VA to do that process.
um they did the audio and I I'd find all
the restaurants etc etc would send that
out and that worked really well and then
from there we moved to a different
system where we used a software to
essentially do that loom video making
process that was just over 2 years ago
maybe 3 years ago now and from there we
essentially had a whole lot of other
businesses asking us if we could do
acquisition for them and they leads were
worth more to them than leads
worth to restaurants. So, it made more
sense for our business to work with
them. And so, we transitioned to helping
other businesses grow through using
personalized video outreach. And that
kind of leads in nicely to the two
methods that we use today. So, there's
two types of Loom video outreach that we
do. We do permission based outreach,
which is essentially where we send an
email and we ask, would you be open to
me sending over a video? And then we go
and make the Loom video. So, what this
looks like is
we would say email
one and then email two.
I'm just going to put two emails here.
And the emails are going to say
something like, "Hey, I've made you a
quick video doing XYZ. Do you mind if I
send it over?" And then if they say yes
right
then what we do is we then make loom and
send it right. So that's one option.
Hey, first name. We helped similar
plumbing companies in Chicago
generate more water heater installation
jobs with people that were getting their
building up to regulation before tenants
moved in. I made a video showing how
this might work for you. Do you mind if
I send it over? Okay, something like
this. When they say yes, you then record
a personal loom because they ask for it.
These videos get watched, right? We
found that this is a way easier way to
get way more calls booked per video made
if you're making them manually is you
ask them if they want the video first
and then you go and make them the video.
This is roughly 5 to 10 videos per
booked call. So roughly if you make 10,
you'll get one to two calls booked.
Okay. Why this worked?
Not everyone deserves a video. Only
those are open to it. reply rate, watch
rate, call rate is massively higher.
Right? So this is one approach that we
use. The other approach which is the
automated system and this is more
scalable is you make one video and then
the software overlays it. So for
example, you do
let's just do this
email one, email two and this one has
video but is auto.
Right. So it automatically overlays that
video and I'll just show you what that
looks like. So just as an example, here
is our first email. Here is a second
email. that email will have in the video
>> residential appraiser
>> and the video is overlaid onto the
prospect's website. Right? So each
prospect gets a different video. What is
said is the same. It just gets overlaid
onto each individual prospect's website.
Okay? So we don't use any AI voice or
face. We just keep it human. We found
that currently works best. Um, and we
send out 200,000 of these a month at the
moment across
just under 40 different businesses.
Right? So, this is the second method
that we use. So, how to script these
videos? We have full scripts that you
can use below. So, there's going to be a
link below this video where you can go
and essentially use a script template
that we've got, put it into cloud or JBG
or your AI of choice. Um, but here are
some just highle scripting principles.
You want to keep it natural. It's easier
to say that it's easier with practice.
Um,
focus on the opportunity for them. End
of the simple human call to action.
And then again, I've just said this 50
times because you are not trying to
sell, you are trying to build trust. The
script of these videos is cool and like
I I recommend you use what we've got
below or something similar. But the main
thing is that you can make a video which
feels genuine. That's like the main
thing and honestly that comes with
practice. That just comes with practice.
You can also use a little bit of humor
as well if you think that's appropriate.
But you are trying to show that you are
real. That is that's the crux of what
you're doing here. All right. So script
the videos. If following a script makes
it feel less natural, then don't follow
a script, right? You can just say, "Hey,
sorry. I know it's a bit odd for you to
get a video like this, but I have
something that I think will be really
interesting for you. So, I did make the
effort to make a video." So, hopefully
you watch this and
feel genuine. That that's really what
we're trying to get at here. So, let's
talk a little bit about lead nurture.
And this is where you've sent them a
video, they've responded positively, and
now you need to get them onto the phone.
Why do you need to get them on the
phone? Because you need to start again
building this genuine trust and rapport
with the prospect. And you need to do
that either on the phone or on a video
call depending on your industry. The
outbound's going to get the attention.
Essentially, they're going to raise
their hand a little bit. I use the golf
analogy. And essentially what that means
is you're playing around golf. You're on
a sin hole. You've got the ball on the
tee and you need to get in the hole.
It's on the green that away. Right?
Essentially, your outbound is you trying
to hit the ball off the tea, right? If
you've done a successful outbound edg
they've raised the hand somewhat, what
it mean is you've hit the fairway. You
now have the opportunity to try and hit
the ball into the ground. You now have
the opportunity to try and tee up a
sales call. Okay? And to do this,
you need to understand a few things.
One, you need to understand that you're
battling against life, right? You think
there's a really strong wind blowing and
that is everything else near life is far
more important than you. So, you need to
try and keep the ball in your court if
you can and you need to try and use
multiple layers to build trust. Eg send
them another video, you can send them a
voice note, these sorts of things to
build more trust. When I say keeping the
ball in your court,
this obviously is going to depend on
what industry, but you could, for
example, give them a call if they
respond positively. And then if they
don't pick up the phone, then you can
send them a text and you can send them
an email and say like, "Hey, sounds
great. Let's have a quick call. Um, I
tried to call you now, but I couldn't
get in touch. I've put us in for a call
at 400 p.m. on Friday. Let me know if
that doesn't work or if you don't want
to have a chat." Right? So you're
keeping the ball in your court, right?
Another thing I would say is don't send
call booking links unless you've got so
many leads that you're trying to
disqualify people, right? Because again,
just another step lots of people prefer
if you propose times. Connect with
prospects on LinkedIn. I would recommend
that as well is that if someone responds
positively, you want to open up the
modes of communication that you can use.
So connect with them on LinkedIn so that
if they accept that, you can follow up
with them on LinkedIn as well. When
someone agrees to a time, you're going
to book them in using a booking link on
your side. Just make sure that they've
got reminders for that call and ask them
to reconfirm that that call. And if they
do not reconfirm, then you can do some
manual follow-ups on the day of that
call to make sure that they show. Okay?
And just to tie everything all together.
So, what we're doing is we're going to
send outbound messages. And there's two
types of outbound messages that we're
going to do. We're going to either send
permission based, hey, do you mind if I
send over a video? I've made this cool
video for you. And then once they say
yes, you're going to send it over or
you're going to automate the sending of
that video. When you make these videos,
the goal of the video is to build trust.
Okay? Once somebody responds positively,
you're then going to nurture them
towards a discovery call, demo call.
Then you're going to do fulfillment,
which is going to get you more video
testimonials and referrals, which ties
back into the system. And this is
essentially the system that we used to
book 5,000 calls. If you're a B2B
business and you want this exact system
put into your business, then you can
book in a call with somebody in my team
down below. If you want a more in-depth
guide of how you can do this yourself,
there should be a 90-minute video on
screen now that you can watch. I'll see
you there. Ace.